# Bellabeat-Case-Study

About
Part of the Google Data Analytics Professional Certificate course (Capstone Project).

This is a data analytics fictional case study with the purpose of gaining insights to improve business decisions for the Bellabeat company, a company focused on building products designed to gather information about a woman's overall activity, sleep schedules, stress and reproductive health.

This analysis follows the same structure that was learned throughout this course, which is the following:

Ask
Prepare
Process
Analyze
Share
Act
For this fictitional case study, I have joined Bellabeat's marketing analytics team, responsible for collecting, analyzing and reporting data that helps guide Bellabeat's marketing strategy. This report's point of view will then be written as a (fictitional) team.

Ask
In the Ask phase, we (the fictional team) should focus in what is the problem that we are trying to solve, and how can our insights drive business decisions.

Business Task
Bellabeat wants to gather insights regarding the following business tasks:

What are some trends in smart device usage?
How could these trends apply to Bellabeat customers?
How could these trends help influence Bellabeat marketing strategy?
Key Stakeholders
Urška Sršen: Bellabeat's cofounder and Chief Creative Officer
Sando Mur: Mathematicion and Bellabeat's cofounder; key member of the Bellabeat executive team
How our insights will help
By analysing the activity of a particular set of costumers (that gave consent to share their activity's data), we can see what type of features are mostly used or impact the healthy lifestyle the most for those costumers. With these insights, Bellabeat's team can focus more on improving or spotlighting these features in marketing.

Prepare
For this step, we'll take a closer look into the dataset that will be used for this case study and which will help us answer the previous business tasks. We'll give a brief overview regarding particular aspects of this dataset, such as how is the data being stored, how it's organized, bias/credibility issues (ROCC), licensing, privacy, security, acessibility, data's integrity, how does this data help answer our questions, and are there any problems with the data. Finally, this phase also includes the selection or filtering of the data available, and any sortage if necessary.

Data overview
The data FitBit Fitness Tracker Data is available in Kaggle. As it is described in the dataset's page: "These datasets were generated by respondents to a distributed survey via Amazon Mechanical Turk between 03.12.2016-05.12.2016. Thirty eligible Fitbit users consented to the submission of personal tracker data, including minute-level output for physical activity, heart rate, and sleep monitoring. Individual reports can be parsed by export session ID (column A) or timestamp (column B). Variation between output represents use of different types of Fitbit trackers and individual tracking behaviors / preferences."

Storage: The data is being currently being stored in Kaggle's platform and will also be downloaded to a local file system for any analysis or clean up.
Organized: The databate consists of 18 CSV files:
dailyActivity_merged.csv
dailyCalories_merged.csv
dailyIntensities_merged.csv
dailySteps_merged.csv
heartrate_seconds_merged.csv
hourlyCalories_merged.csv
hourlyIntensities_merged.csv
hourlySteps_merged.csv
minuteCaloriesNarrow_merged.csv
minuteCaloriesWide_merged.csv
minuteIntensitiesNarrow_merged.csv
minuteIntensitiesWide_merged.csv
minuteMETsNarrow_merged.csv
minuteSleep_merged.csv
minuteStepsNarrow_merged.csv
minuteStepsWide_merged.csv
sleepDay_merged.csv
weightLogInfo_merged.csv
